Final round of docs reading and contributions (#50)
nre-learning/antidote: docs/hacking/platform.rst

    This section discusses technical steps for building Syringe yourself when working on the code. See
    :ref:`here <contrib-platform>` for instructions on how to contribute your changes back to the project.

> Syringe is mainly an application written in Go providing a Web API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Syringe is mainly an application written in Go which provides orchestration for lesson resources on Kubernetes, while providing an API for the web front-end to consume.
```
